the one and only Tony Bennett is
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
yo yo yo what's up hey John what are you
doing what what are we doing is it look
like we're doing is my crew we're
getting fresh it's popping locks we rock
it but I know that's you guys are great
I just want to say though this is one of
them but I'm in the middle of a show
right now you remember how shows work
yeah to be honest no oh well I'm doing
it so like yeah I'm just trying to do
the show so if you guys don't mind you
gotta take it up the landlord my friend
we rent this place out every Friday we
practice Oh Mary but I'm sorry we were
in actually ran out for the whole week
and so we haven't I'm glad you have this
I really am but we I need to finish my
monologue understood Mike just just back
down okay I'm sorry I have to do this
but there's one way to settle it so I
apologize you just got served
it's
[Music]
[Applause]
there's not gonna be a dance-off it's a
there's just no time for a dance
Oh Widow Jim you gosh no just I'm just
so comfortable that's
this is not gonna there's not gonna be a
dance I'm sorry I don't mean it no there
is one other way what it's a Brooklyn
thing okay you could promote my upcoming
event on HBO and I'll be peaceful all
right okay you mean
Oh tonight of too many starts night of
too many stars airs on HBO November 18th
this is to help raise funds for people
with autism that's right the late night
show all the late night shows are
involved all the late night shows are
gonna be involved with great auctions
and it's it's gonna be a it's gonna be
close yeah and so we're actually gonna
be amongst you sure your show you even
made a video for it oh yeah yeah I'd
rather not talk about I think yeah does
anybody want to see the video fine show
the video
hello I'm Jimmy Kimmel
[Music]
the reason I'm here with that is to
raise money for next for autism an
organization that works to improve the
lives of people living with autism
spectrum disorder he's here for
publicity
that's book your book I'm here because I
care about what about people oh now he
cares about people guess what I'm a
people you never seem to care about me
okay I don't I just jumped I'm not doing
this now okay I'm not gonna do this with
him I just oh he's throwing once why
should I call the wambulance stupid just
stop crying man I thought you cared
about raising money for people I do care
about that but I'm not gonna sit here
and be peppered by spoons by you you are
what have you said pepper you asked for
pepper okay can I be done with this
place I'll come on and I please be you
are this is Eleva bull just you're such
a throwing pepper at me
really really oh so so it's just abandon
the whole plan don't raise money for
anybody because Jimmy got a little
pepper on his food I don't have an you
just calm down
all right I'll finish it go to omae's
dot-com slash Matt and Jimmy to win a
once-in-a-lifetime experience an
uncomfortable dinner with me and it
imagine how jealous your friends will be
when you tell them that you and
America's most loved talk-show host
sat together and watched one of
Hollywood's dumbest and most disgusting
actors eat sandwich after sandwich like
a pig just imagine having a reasonable
conversation with an Oscar winner while
Biffy dip over their eat hummus and tug
his nuts go to amaze calm slash Matt and
Jimmy for your chance to win an
uncomfortable dinner with Jimmy Kimmel
and more on
I got it I got the joke it wasn't really
I wasn't a joke the best day of your
life
might very well be the worst day of mine
that's how I feel I feel like you're the
worst
really you're the worst day of my life
yeah because literally nobody likes you
no that is not are you even aware that
to enter for your chance to join Matt
Damon and Jimmy Kimmel for an
uncomfortable meal and support next for
autism go to omae's comm slash Matt and
Jimmy leave that are we finished yet
okay
thanks for watching if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares